SOCIAL NETWORK Facebook aquired cross-platform messaging app Whatsapp, handing over a cool $19bn for the company.

5. Your Content and Conduct
As a WHATSAPP INDIA account holder you may submit Content to the Service, including videos and user comments. You understand that WHATSAPP INDIA does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any Content you submit.
You shall be solely responsible for your own Content and the consequences of submitting and publishing your Content on the Service. You affirm, represent, and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to publish Content you submit; and you license to WHATSAPP INDIA all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to such Content for publication on the Service pursuant to these Terms of Service.

For clarity, you retain all of your ownership rights in your Content. However, by submitting Content to WHATSAPP INDIA, you hereby grant WHATSAPP INDIA a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, publish, adapt, make available online or electronically transmit, and perform the Content in connection with the Service and WHATSAPP INDIA’s (and its successors’ and affiliates’) business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Service (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. 

You further agree that Content you submit to the Service will not contain third party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to other third party proprietary rights, unless you have permission from the rightful owner of the material or you are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant WHATSAPP INDIA all of the license rights granted herein.

8. Warranty Disclaimer
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK

Moreover, it is also necessary to stress that chats in WhatsApp are not erased, they just become hidden and archived in the database of the app (including our status updates);

WhatsApp also gets all the information of our contacts, since we sent our phone number to the application in order to authorize it, our address book with the information for each contact (name, email address and all the details entered before adding the contact). For this, WhatsApp is given special rights, ie it is supported by the assumption that we already had permission from our contacts in regards to your private information. In other words, WhatsApp washes its hands of any wrong doing on this part, and the responsibility always lies with the user.

Prohibitions

    It is forbidden to use WhatsApp for commercial purposes, in the case of a strictly personal application. . Purchases, advertising, etc., are not allowed in chat app;
    The use of bots to send mass mailings or spam is strictly prohibited;
    While sexual content is not explicitly prohibited, it requires a prior warning, for when sending images or adult themed emoticons;
    It is prohibited to use the code to develop clones of the WhatsApp applications (good examples are illegal tools that hide the time of the last connection or that peek in on peer conversations );
    It is also prohibited to send content that is not yours. By violating the intellectual property, for example, you take all responsibility.
    The same goes for links illegal site, for example.

Obligations and consequences

    If you lose your smartphone or if it is stolen, you should write an email to WhatsApp stating what happened. Then we will be exempt from liability if someone breaks a rule with our account;

So, did you know about the terms and conditions before using WhatsApp?




